**Approach: Binary Search**

* Given a speed, how do you compute how much time it takes to commute to the office?
	* Here's where you need to come up with that lambda expression
	* Why `ceil(d/s)`?
		* Because each succeeding train departs at an integer hour.
	* Why not for the last train then?
		* Because it's the *last* train. There's no train to depart after it!
* Then, observe the changes in time with different values of speed.
	* There's a monotonicity.
	* Higher the speed, lower the time. (And vice versa)
* Can we use binary search?
	* Are there any bounds for the speed?
		* This took a wrong attempt to figure out.
		* But, yeah, realized that because `hour` is a floating-point, I can't readily think of a well-defined upper bound for speed.
			* No wonder they gave that the speed can't go above `10**7`, probably.
		* Lower bound: speed must be positive. So, keep it at 1.
* How do `l` and `r` change during the binary search?
	* If `commute_time` is greater than the allotted `hour`, then you need to increase the speed.
	* Else, you're within the allotted time-- you're fine.
		* But you're asked to find the *minimum* possible speed.
		* So, continue searching.
* Finally, you may not be able to find the desired speed.
	* How do you know you haven't found it?
	* If the `commute_time` based on the final speed your binary search gravitated you towards isn't within the allotted `hour`, then you haven't been able to find it.

```
class Solution:
    def minSpeedOnTime(self, dist: List[int], hour: float) -> int:        
        commute_time = lambda s: sum(ceil(d/s) for d in dist[:-1]) + dist[-1]/s

        l, r = 1, 10**7
        while l < r:
            mid = l + (r - l) // 2
            if commute_time(mid) > hour:
                l = mid + 1
            else:
                r = mid

        return l if commute_time(l) <= hour else -1
```
