**Approach 1: Deque of indices**
* Brute force: For every k elements, find the max and store in the result.
* There are two things to note here:
	* Finding max is O(k). You need to compare with *all* the elements in the window.
	* Each time the window slides, the left-most element goes out and a new element enters right.
		* In order to determine if the new element is the max one or not, do you need to compare with all the elements?
			* If it's indeed the max, then it's inevitable that you compare with all the elements in the window in order to assert its supremacy.
			* But if it's not? What if the elements in the window were ordered in *descending order*?
				* Then, you only need to compare (starting from the elements at the back) until you find the smallest element greater than it.
				* Moreover, now, the elements smaller than the newly entered one can be discarded from further consideration.
					* Because in any succeeding window containing the new element we already would have an element that's greater than them.
				* Finally, the max element can now be accessed in O(1).
					* It's the first element!

* **The monotonic deque**:
	* The key step of this problem is to come up with a container to maintain that descending order efficiently.
	* It should somehow strike that a queue here would be a good choice-- particularly, a deque.
		* The new element entering the window is appended at the back.
		* Elements smaller than this new one are popped from the back.
		* The max element is popped from the front *when the window slides past it*.
	* Since the elements in the queue exhibit a monotonicity, the queue is also called a **monotonic deque**.
	
* So, how do we know "when the window slides past" the max element?
	* We should keep a record of each element along with its index?
	* If we're anyway storing indices, then why don't we keep *just the indices*?
	* There's one other thing we need to be aware of...
* `dq[0]` holds the index of the max element of the window *ending at index* `i`.
* Now, you can understand the `if` condition for popping `dq[0]`,
	* and the `if` condition for when to start appending to `result`.
```py
from collections import deque

class Solution:
    def maxSlidingWindow(self, nums: List[int], k: int) -> List[int]:
        n = len(nums)
        dq = deque()
        result = []
        
        for i in range(n):
            while dq and nums[dq[-1]] <= nums[i]:
                dq.pop()
            dq.append(i)
            if i + 1 >= k:
                result.append(nums[dq[0]])
            if i - dq[0] + 1 == k:
                dq.popleft()
                
        return result
```

**Approach 2: Deque of elements**
* You don't need to actually store the indices as well in order to use a deque of elements.
```py
from collections import deque

class Solution:    
    def maxSlidingWindow(self, nums: List[int], k: int) -> List[int]:
        result, q = [], deque([])
        
        for i, n in enumerate(nums):
            while q and n > q[-1]:
                q.pop()
            q.append(n)            
            if i >= k-1:
                result.append(q[0])
                if q[0] == nums[i-k+1]: q.popleft()
                
        return result
```

Further reading:
* [Monotonic Q problems](https://leetcode.com/problems/sliding-window-maximum/discuss/65885/This-is-a-typical-monotonic-queue-problem/227705)
