**Approach: Sliding window**
* Let `l` and `r` be the bounds for the longest desired substring.
	* Should it be `[l,r]`, `[l,r)`, `(l,r]`, or `(l,r)`?
	* Since we are looking for the *longest* substring (without repeating characters, obviously), we need to grow the window bounded by `l` and `r` as much as possible.
		* That is, we need to shift `r` to the right as much as possible
		* That is, increment `r` *until you meet a character that's repeating*
			* i.e. that was already `seen`
		* so that `s[r]` does *not* belong in our current candidate for the longest desired substring.
	* Thus, the bound must be `[l, r)`.

* What does `seen` record?
	* `seen`: `{s[r]: r}`
	* As you scan through `s`, `seen` is updated such that `seen[ch]` stores the right-most index of `ch` in `s`.

* What do you do when you meet a character that's repeating?
	* Since our candidate for the longest possible substring is bounded by `[l, r)`, or `[l, r-1]`,
		* we compare `max_len` with `(r-1 - l + 1) = (r-l)`, and update, if necessary.
	* Then, you need to readjust your window-- decide the next candidate for the longest desired substring.
		* That is, decide where should `l` now point to.
		* `l` should point to `seen[ch] + 1`, where `ch` is the repeating character.
			* If you didn't take a diverse set of examples, initially, then, you could be misled on this point.	
	* Now, it can happen that `ch` was last seen outside the window.
		* That is, `seen[ch] < l`.
		* In that case, updating `l`, as explained above, would be taking it backwards.
		* There'd be no point in updating `max_len` as well in such a case. (You wouldn't get a *wrong* answer even if you did.)
		* So, ensure that you check for `seen[ch] >= l`.
* Finally, what if the longest desired substring happened to be at the end of `s`?
	* Currently, you're updating `max_len` only when you come across a repeating character.
	* But once you reach the end of the string, there's no repeating character to come across!
	* So, again compare with `max_len` with `r-l` before you return.
```py
class Solution:
    def lengthOfLongestSubstring(self, s: str) -> int:
        l, r = 0, 0
        max_len, n = 0, len(s)
        seen = {}

        while r < n:
            ch = s[r]
            if ch in seen and seen[ch] >= l:
                max_len = max(max_len, r - l)
                l = seen[ch] + 1
            seen[ch] = r
            r += 1

        return max(max_len, r - l)
```
