**Approach: Fast n Slow**
* If there's a cycle, `fast` and `slow` are bound to meet somewhere.
	* See [141. Linked List Cycle](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle/).
* Then, take one of the pointers (here, we take `fast`) and place it on the head.
* Move the two pointers *one step at a time*.
* Wherever they meet, that's the origin of the cycle.
```
# Definition for singly-linked list.
# class ListNode:
#     def __init__(self, x):
#         self.val = x
#         self.next = None

class Solution:
    def detectCycle(self, head: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        try:
            slow = fast = head
            while True:
                slow = slow.next
                fast = fast.next.next
                if slow is fast:
                    break

            fast = head
            while slow is not fast:
                slow = slow.next
                fast = fast.next

            return slow

        except AttributeError as ae:
            pass
```

**Proof**:

* The meaning of "distance":
	* In the following, by "distance" I mean the number of connections the pointer has traversed.
		* Eg. If the linked list is `1->2->3->4`, and a pointer `p` is currently pointing at node `3`, then `dist(3) = 2`.			
			* Count the number of connections (read arrows).
			* `dist(node)`: distance of `node` from the `head`. 
	* You could also define it as the number of nodes seen including the one the pointer is currently pointing to-- in which case, `dist(3) = 3`.
	* As long as you're consistent with one definition, it doesn't matter.

* Notations:
	* `x`: the distance from the head to the start of the cycle.
		* This is what we intend to find.
	* `m`: the meeting point of `slow` and `fast`.
	* `c`: the length of the cycle.
		* By "length", again, I mean the number of connections in the cycle.
	* `s`: number of times `slow` loops through the cycle.
		* `s >= 0`
	* `f`: number of times `fast` loops through the cycle.
		* `f >= 1`

* Proof:
	* We make the following observations about the distances traversed by `slow` and `fast`:
		* `dist(slow) = x + sc + m`
		* `dist(fast) = x + fc + m`
		* `dist(fast) = 2 * dist(slow)`
	* From these equations, we have that
		* `x = (f - s) * c + m`
	* Observe that `f > s` and `f-s >= 1`
		* Clearly, `fast` must loop more times through the cycle than `slow`.
	* So, when you re-write `x` as
		* `x = (c - m) + (f - s - 1) * c`
	* You can readily see that
		* When `f - s == 1`, `x = c - m` is precisely the distance from the rendezvous to the origin of the cycle.
			* That is, count the connections from the rendezvous to the origin, not the other way round.
			* Yeah, perhaps "distance" is an unfortunate term, because it's not commutative here.
		* When `f - s > 1`, you have to travel an additional distance that's a multiple of `c`.
	* The act of getting a pointer start from the `head` and moving the two pointers one step at a time until they meet again is an elegant way to get to the origin of the cycle in both these cases.

**An example where `s > 0`?**
* `1->2->3->1`, i.e. `3` points backs to `1`.
* Here, `x=0`, `m=0`, `c=3`, `s=1`, `f=2`.

**Why should `slow` and `fast` start from `head`? Why not let `fast` start from `head.next`?**
* If you're only using them to *detect* a cycle, then it's fine.
* But if you're using it to find the origin of the cycle, consider this example:
	* `1->2->3->4->3`, i.e. `4` points back to `3`.
	* If you start `fast` from `head.next`, you'd be stuck in an infinite cycle!
