**Approach 1: Fast n Slow**

**Key observation:**
* If you cannot reach `1`, you'll reach a number twice and be stuck in a cycle.
* Use `fast` and `slow` pointers to detect the cycle.
	* See [142. Linked List Cycle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/).

**Implementation**:
* `slow` and `fast` start from `n`; there's a cycle if they meet again.
* Once you reach `1` you'll always remain at 1. So, it's guaranteed that `fast` will reach `1` first, if at all.
* If `n = 100` for example, it can happen that `slow` and `fast` reach `1` together, and so they're equal.
	* This shouldn't let you conclude that there's a cycle!
	* So, check if `fast == 1` first.
```py
class Solution:
    def isHappy(self, n: int) -> bool:
        def digits(num):
            while num:
                yield num % 10
                num = num // 10

        def _next(num):
            return sum(d ** 2 for d in digits(num))

        slow = fast = n
        while True:
            slow = _next(slow)
            fast = _next(_next(fast))
            if fast == 1:
                return True
            if slow == fast:
                return False
```

**Approach 2: Compute Digits from Characters**
* Here, `digits` defines another way (perhaps more efficient in some contexts) to get the digits of especially large numbers.
```py
class Solution:
    def isHappy(self, n: int) -> bool:
        def digits(num):
            for c in str(num):
                yield int(c)                

        def _next(num):
            return sum(d ** 2 for d in digits(num))

        slow = fast = n
        while True:
            slow = _next(slow)
            fast = _next(_next(fast))
            if fast == 1:
                return True
            if slow == fast:
                return False
```

**Why is it guaranteed that, if you don't reach 1, you'll reach a number already seen?**

**Thoughts**:
* There are two possibilities here:
	* You reach 1 and you're happy.
	* You don't and you're unhappy.
* The unhappiness could be due to the following:
	* You reach a number that you had already reached previously; so, you're stuck in a loop.
	* You keep going upward to infinity without ever reaching a number at least twice.
		* We claim that this is impossible.

* An attempt at a proof:
	* Let `SSD(n)` denote the set of the Sum of Squares of Digits obtained in the quest for the happiness of `n` (excluding `n`).
		* Eg. `SSD(19) = {82, 68, 100, 1}`
	* We will prove that given an `n`, there exists a *finite* upper bound `N(n)` such that `max(SSD(n)) <= N(n)`.
		* "`N(n)`" connotes the dependence of `N` on `n`.
	* Let `d = digits(n)` and `9:d` represent the number `9...9` (repeated `d` times)-- the max number that can be represented with `d` digits.
	* Observe that
		1. `max(SSD(n)) <= max(SSD(9:d))`, for all `n`
		2. `(9 ** 2).d` belongs to `SSD(9:d)`
			* `SSD(81.d)` is a subset of `SSD(9:d)`, or
			* `max(SSD(81.d)) <= max(SSD(9:d))`.
			* Here, dot `.` denotes multiplication.
		3. `max(SSD(81.d)) < 81.d`
	* Claims 1 and 3 intuitively makes sense but need to be rigorously proven.
	* Assuming that they hold, from 2 and 3, since `SSD(81.d)` is the same as `SSD(9:d)` without the element `81.d`, we must have that
		* `max(SSD(9:d)) = 81.d`
	* Which, from 1, implies that `SSD(n)` has an upper bound.
		* The upper bound is a function of `d`, which, in turn, is a function of `n`.
		* So long as `d` is finite, the upper bound is finite.
	* If `n` is an unhappy number, we could go on forever, i.e. we can have infinitely many outcomes. But we've shown here that the values these outcomes can take is limited by a finite range. Thus, the only possibility is that at least one of the outcomes is repeating.
	* Hence so-called proved.	
