**Approach 1: Array as Hashtable**

**Key observations**:
* The result must be in the range `[1,n+1]`, where `n = len(nums)`
	* If `nums = [1,2,...,n]`, then the result is `n+1`
	* Else, one of the elements in the range `[1,...,n]` didn't get to be a part of `nums`. Thus, the result must lie within it.
* This and the constraint that we must use `O(1)` auxiliary space encouraged me to consider array itself as a hashtable to *mark the positive integers seen*.
	* Each candidate `x` for the result can be mapped to an index `i = x - 1` of `nums`.

**Implementation**:
* The idea is to use an *element* of `nums` as an *index*.
* For each `x` in nums:
	* `x` corresponds to `nums[i]` in the code.
	* Check if the element satisfies the bounds for an index.			
	* Note that we have 0-indexing here.
		* So, we have to check the bounds for `x - 1`
			* Thereby, we consider only `x` in `[1,...,n]` -- our candidates for the result.
		* Set `nums[x - 1] = x`
			* This is the mapping that characterizes `nums` doubling up as a hashtable.	
* This implies that we've *seen* `x`.
* But what about the element that was originally at `x - 1`, i.e. `nums[x - 1]`?
	* In order to not destroy that, we acutally `swap(x, nums[x - 1])`
* Thus, while scanning through `nums`, we've to check two things:
	* `x - 1` is within bounds to be used as an index
	* `x` is already seen
		* To avoid duplicates and re-swaps.

* So, why such a mapping?
	* Consider `nums = [6,-3,5,-2,1,3,4,2,-5,3]`
	* With our mapping, we ensure that
		* `nums = [1,2,3,4,5,6,...]`
		* We don't care about the rest of the elements.
		* But it's evident that `7` is the first `i` such that `nums[i] != i + 1`
	* Thus, without sorting the entire array, in `O(n)` time, we've brought the positive integers (excluding duplicates) in the front, *in order*, so that it's easy to identify the smallest missing positve integer.
```py
class Solution:
    def firstMissingPositive(self, nums: List[int]) -> int:
        n = len(nums)
        
        for i in range(n):
            while 0 <= nums[i] - 1 < n and nums[i] != nums[nums[i]-1]: 
                temp = nums[i]
                nums[i] = nums[temp - 1]
                nums[temp - 1] = temp            

        i = 0
        while i < n and nums[i] == i + 1:
            i += 1

        return i + 1
```
