**Approach: Sliding Window**
* Figure out that sorting `intervals` makes this problem easier.
	* In that in one pass from left to right you can find out the desired non-overlapping intervals.
	* We will find them using a sliding window.

**Basic idea**:
* The underlying goal is to expand the window as much as possible
	* i.e. include all intervals that overlap with intervals already in the window.
* When the window cannot expand further
	* adjust the left pointer to consider a new window of intervals.

**Implementation**:
* The way this idea is implemented is (obviously) more systematic.
* "Expansion of a window" means incrementing `r`.
	* Now, `r` moves only incrementally-- one step at a time.
* Corresponding to each `r`, you have a candidate `interval` that you'd like to check if it can be part of your window or not.
* `if windowCannotExpand()`
	* i.e. the `interval` is NOT *overlapping* with the last interval in the window,
		* How do you define if two intervals are overlapping?
		* Why only the last interval?
	* then *append* the interval to the `result`,
	* and `updateLeft()`
		* you simply need to consider a new window that only includes the current `interval` that couldn't fit in with the previous window.
* `else`:
	* i.e. the window *can* expand, or, equivalently, `interval` is indeed overlapping with the last one,
	* then *merge it with the last one*.
		* How is this merging done in code?
* Note that, at each step, we're
	* merging overlapping intervals, and
	* appending only non-overlapping intervals to the `result`.
```
class Solution:
    def merge(self, intervals: List[List[int]]) -> List[List[int]]:
        intervals.sort()
        n = len(intervals)

        l, r = 0, 1
        result = [intervals[0]]
        
        def windowCannotExpand(interval):            
            return interval[0] > result[-1][1]

        def updateLeft(l):
            l = r
            return l

        def updateRight(r):            
            r += 1
            return r

        while r < n:
            interval = intervals[r]
            if windowCannotExpand(interval):
                l = updateLeft(l)
                result.append(interval)
            else:
                result[-1][1] = max(result[-1][1], interval[1])
            r = updateRight(r)

        return result
```
