**Approach: Prefix**
* The desired subarray has to include either end. Either it starts at the left end or it ends at the right end.
	* Assume to the contrary that it does not, i.e. the desired subarray is in the middle, not including either ends.
	* This can happen only if there are *odd* number of negative integers on both the sides (from position `0` to the start of the subarray and from end of the subarray to the position `len(nums)-1`).
		* For if there were *even* number of negatives on either end, the max subarray could be extended till that end.
	* But this implies that there are even number of negatives overall in the array.
	* Therefore, the entire array is the desired subarray.
	* Which means the subarray is including both the ends-- contradicting our assumption.

* Thus, we need products that are accumulated from either end.
	* `prefix` accumulates products from the left.
	* `suffix` from the right.

* You need to return the max product found in `prefix` and `suffix`.

* The above logic of the subarray starting from either end holds if zeros are not present in the array.
	* It could hold in some cases where zeros are present, but not all of them.
* Consider the case with zeros in the array:
  * Let `nums[i-1] = 0`. Then, `prefix[-1] = 0`. 
  * This would cause all further prefixes to go to zero too even if `nums[i]` is not zero.
  * That is, you need to ensure that `prefix` does not a zero when `nums[i]` is non-zero.
  * So, if `prefix[-1]` is `0` but `nums[i] != 0`, then `prefix` must be appended with `1 * nums[i]`. That's what the `or` handles.
  * Similar is the case with `suffix` too.
```py
class Solution:
    def maxProduct(self, nums: List[int]) -> int:        
        prefix, suffix = [nums[0]], [nums[-1]]

        for i in range(1, len(nums)):
            prefix.append((prefix[-1] or 1) * nums[i])
            suffix.append((suffix[-1] or 1) * nums[~i])

        return max(max(prefix), max(suffix))
```
