**Approach 1: Recursive**
* You have to compare `list1.val` with `list2.val`.
	*  You can only do that if they're both `not None`.
*  So, `if list1 and list2`:
	*  Let's say you want to use `list1` to build the final list.
	*  Then, swap `list1` and `list2` if `list1.val > list1.val`.
		*  That is, ensure that `list1` always points to the non-greater element.
	*  So that `list1.next` would be the merger of  the lists `list1.next` and `list2`.
*  Finally, what to return?
	*  If the `if`-block was executed, then it's natural that we must return `list1`.
	*  But it could happen that it was not.
		*  When `list1` or `list2` is empty (or `None`). 
			*  In which case, return the non-empty list.
		* If both are empty, you need to return `None`.
	* The `or` statement is a clever way to handle all these cases.
```py
class Solution:
    def mergeTwoLists(self, list1: Optional[ListNode], list2: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        if list1 and list2:
            if list1.val > list2.val:
                list1, list2 = list2, list1
            list1.next = self.mergeTwoLists(list1.next, list2)
        return list1 or list2      
```

**Approach 2: Iterative**
* It should quickly become clear to you that there's no point comparing `list1.val` with `list2.val`.
	* Suppose you come to a node where `list1.val > list2.val`
		* As in example 1, when `list1` points to `2` and `list2` points to `1`.
	* You need to swap the two *pointers*.
		* Note that here too, as in the recursive approach, we're using `list1` to build the final list.
	* So, you'd swap `list1` and `list2`?
		* Then, whatever `list1` was building until then'd be lost!
		* The only way to maintain it is to assign
			* `whatever-list1-was-building.next = list2`
	* We need to keep track of "whatever `list1` was building".
		* It's natural to let `list1` keep track of it!
	* Then, in order to be able to grow the resultant list, you need to actually swap `list1.next` with `list2`.
	* That is, you need to compare `list1.next.val` with `list2.val`.

* So, you'd need to prepend a sentinel node to `list1` and `list1` must point to the sentinel node.
* If `list1.next.val <= list2.val`, we simply update `list1` to point to the `next` element.
* Since `list1` is being updated, we need an auxilliary pointer to point to the head of the `result`.	
* The termination condition:
	* We can compare the values of `list1.next` and `list2` only `while` they're both `not None`.
	* If `list2` is `not None`, then it must be appended to `list1`.
		* This is what the `or` statement does.
* Since `result` points to the head, i.e. the sentinel node, you need to return `result.next`.
```py
class Solution:
    def mergeTwoLists(self, list1: Optional[ListNode], list2: Optional[ListNode]) -> Optional[ListNode]:
        list1 = ListNode(None, list1)
        result = list1

        while list1.next and list2:
            if list1.next.val <= list2.val:
                list1 = list1.next
            else:
                list1.next, list2 = list2, list1.next
        
        list1.next = list2 or list1.next
        
        return result.next
```
