**Approach 1: Brute force-ish**
* TLE
* `mi(l, r)`: computes the length of a monotonically increasing sequence starting from `l` and ending at `r` (if `heights[r]` too is part of the sequence).
```py
class Solution:
    def canSeePersonsCount(self, heights: List[int]) -> List[int]:
        inc = {}
        def mi(l, r):
            if (l, r) not in inc:
                if l == r:
                    inc[(l, r)] = 1
                else:
                    p = l + 1
                    while p < r and heights[p] < heights[l]:
                        p += 1
                    inc[(l, r)] = 1 + (mi(p, r) if heights[p] > heights[l] else 0)
            return inc[(l, r)]

        n = len(heights)
        result = [0] * n

        for i in range(n-2, -1, -1):
            j = i + 1
            while j < n - 1 and heights[j] < heights[i]:
                j += 1
            result[i] = mi(i+1, j)

        return result
```

**Approach 2: Monotonic Stack**
* Since they asked the number of people that can be seen to the *right*, it's easier to determine the values in `result` from the right.
* After solving for a few examples, you should realize that
	* `result[i]`: the length of a montonically increasing sequence of heights starting from `heights[i+1]` and ending at `heights[j]`, where `j > i` is the smallest index such that `heights[j] > heights[i]`
		* You may not always be able to find such a `j`; in which case, `j` is simply `n-1`, where `n = len(heights)`.

* How do we find this increasing sequence?
	* Note: Ideally it should be a *strictly* increasing sequence.
		* Since we're given that the heights are all unique, finding this sequence is simplified.
			* Simplified in the sense that you don't have to figure out which of the multiple occurrences need to be deleted.
	* I kept thinking if starting from the right might help us obtain some relation where we can use the `result` of already computed people for the ones yet to be computed. Some dp stuff... Nope.
	* You've to just get the brainwave that you can use a stack-- a monotonic stack.
* How do we build the stack?
	* In order to push `heights[i]` to the stack, pop all elements from the stack that are lower than `heights[i]`.
	* And before pushing `heights[i]`, just one thing.
		* You were looking for an increasing sequence, remember?
		* Yeah. That's all those elements that you just popped.
		* But you're only for looking the length of that sequence, right?
		* So, count how many elements you just popped.
		* Add that to `result[i]`?
			* Yeah.
		* But you've to also account for that `heights[j]` which was actually greater than `heights[i]` and therefore not popped from the stack.
			* So, you've to add one for that.
		* But it may not always be possible to find such a `j`, right?
			* In that case the stack would be empty.
			* So, now figure out the initialization of `count` and what exactly should be added to `result[i]`.
	* Yeah. Now push `heights[i]` onto the stack.
```py
class Solution:
    def canSeePersonsCount(self, heights: List[int]) -> List[int]:
        n = len(heights)
        stack = [heights[-1]]
        result = [0]*n

        for i in range(n-2, -1, -1):
            count = 1
            while stack and stack[-1] < heights[i]:
                count += 1
                stack.pop()
            result[i] = count - (not stack)
            stack.append(heights[i])

        return result
```
