**Approach 1: Score**
* Identify that this problem could benefit from a recursive formulation.
* `score(l, r)` recursively computes the score a player earns in `nums[l...r]`.
* Definition of `score()`:
	* A player has two choices:
		* Pick `nums[l]`:
			* You definitely need to add `nums[l]` to his score.
			* Then, you need to add the score he earns as a *consequence of picking* `nums[l]`.
				* Suppose it's player `p` that picks `nums[l]`.
				* Then, player `q` has to pick from `nums[l+1...r]`
					* NOTE: You CANNOT simply add `score(l+1...r)` to `nums[l]`
						* That would be adding `q`'s score to `p`, which makes no sense.
					* Observe that `q`, again, has two options:
						* Pick `nums[l+1]`:
							* Then, `p` again has to pick from `nums[l+2...r]`
						* Pick `nums[r]`:
							* Then, `p` again has to pick from `nums[l+1...r-1]`
				* **Since both players play optimally, you've to assume that `q` picks the choice that will maximize his score, so `p` is left with the minimum of the scores he can earn after `q` has made his choice.**
					* The score `p` is left to earn, that's the "consequence of picking `nums[l]`".
		* Pick `nums[r]`:
			* The logic is similar to what we did for `nums[l]`
		* You've to return the maximum of the scores the player can earn among these two possible options.
	* **Base case**:
		* Terminate the recursion when `l` and `r` differ by *at most* 1.
			* Whether `r-l == 1` or `r-l == 0`, a player can score `max(nums[l], nums[r])`.
	* **DP**:
		* You can notice, immediately, that `score(l+1, r-1)` is called twice.
			* There are multiple such redundant calls that will be made during the execution of the program.
		* So, memoize the scores.
			* That's what `scores` is for.
		* Basically, we're using a dynamic programming approach in this problem.
* Let `p` be the player that starts the game.
	* Then, `p = score(0, len(nums) - 1)`
* And, `q` be the other player.
	* Since you can't know which choice `p` is going to make, a more straightforward way to compute `q`'s score (instead of using `score()`) is `sum(nums) - p`
* Finally, `return p >= q`
	* Note: In the case of a tie, `p` wins.
```py
class Solution:
    def PredictTheWinner(self, nums: List[int]) -> bool:
        scores = {}        
        def score(l, r):            
            if (l, r) not in scores:
                if r - l <= 1:
                    scores[(l, r)] = max(nums[l], nums[r])
                else:
                    l_score = nums[l] + min(score(l+2, r), score(l+1, r-1))
                    r_score = nums[r] + min(score(l+1, r-1), score(l, r-2))
                    scores[(l, r)] = max(l_score, r_score)
            
            return scores[(l, r)]

        p = score(0, len(nums)-1)
        q = sum(nums) - p

        return p >= q
```

**Approach 2: Gain**
* Compute the gain a player stands to make over the other player.
* If player 1 has a non-negative gain over the other fellow, then `return true`.
* `gain(l, r)` computes the gain a player makes from `nums[l...r]`
* Defining `gain()`:
	* Two choices:
		* If `nums[l]`:
			* The player definitely gains `nums[l]`
			* But also loses what the other player gains from `nums[l+1...r]`
		* Similarly for `nums[r]`
	* Pick the choice that gives max gain.
	* Base case:
		* In a singleton array, the element itself is the gain the player can make.
	* DP:
		* Again, memoize the gains.
```py
class Solution:
    def PredictTheWinner(self, nums: List[int]) -> bool:
        gains = {}
        def gain(l, r):
            if (l, r) not in gains:
                if l == r:
                    gains[(l, r)] = nums[l]
                else:
                    l_gain = nums[l] - gain(l+1, r)
                    r_gain = nums[r] - gain(l, r-1)
                    gains[(l, r)] = max(l_gain, r_gain)
            return gains[(l, r)]

        return gain(0, len(nums)-1) >= 0
```
