**Approach 1: Hashmap**
```py
class Solution:
    def sortColors(self, nums: List[int]) -> None:
        """
        Do not return anything, modify nums in-place instead.
        """
        counter = defaultdict(int)
        for n in nums:
            counter[n] += 1

        i = 0
        for color in range(3):
            while counter[color]:
                nums[i] = color
                counter[color] -= 1
                i += 1
```

**Approach 2: Dutch partitioning**
* This is a nice problem whose solution can be best described in terms of a loop invariant:
	* A loop invariant is a property that holds before you enter the loop and continues to be maintained after an iteration of the loop. (Hence the term "*invariant*".)
* What is the invariant?
	* `red`, `white`, `blue` are indices.
	* We partition `nums` as follows:
		* `[0, red)` contains all RED objects.
		* `[red, white)` contains all WHITE objects.
		* `(blue, len(nums))` contains all BLUE objects.
		* `[white, blue]` contains all objects yet to be partitioned.
* How the hell do you figure out this invariant?
	* You just have to.
		* Well, actually if you think about it as a three-way partitioning problem with `start` and `end` pointers for the `mid` partition (explained below), you can logically come up with the invariant.
	* Especially keep in mind which side of the partition is open and which side is closed.
	* That's what will help determine your initialization of `red`, `white`, and `blue`.

* This problem is basically a three-way partitioning.
	* You have a `mid` value.
	* After partitioning,
		* all values lower than `mid` must be to the left of `mid`, and
		* all values greater than `mid` must be to the right of `mid`.
	* Here, `mid` is `WHITE = 1`.
		* `RED = 0`
		* `BLUE = 2`

* So, you need `white` to scan through `nums` and push RED elements to its left and BLUE elements to its right.
	* Particularly,
		* If `nums[white] == RED`:
			* swap it with `nums[red]`
			* Then, a RED object is in its correct position, so increment `red`.
		* If `nums[white] == BLUE`:
			* swap it with `nums[blue]`
			* Then, a BLUE object is in its correct position, so decrement `blue`.
	* When do you increment `white` then?
		* When `nums[white] == WHITE`.
		* Observe the loop invariant carefully and note that `red` points to a WHITE element.
			* So, when you swap `nums[white]` with `nums[red]`, you've to increment `white` then as well.

* Again, if you view this as a three-way partition problem,
	* Let `start` and `end` be indices such that `[start, end)` contain the `mid` value.
		* Then, `start` corresponds to `red` here.
		* And `end` corresponds to `white` here.
		* You'd need an `aux` index to keep track of the elements greater than `mid`. That would correspond to `blue` here.
			* Side note: In applications where three-way partitioning is required, we'd, typically, require the `start` of the `mid` partition.
	* With this perspective, you shouldn't have that confusion about `red` pointing to a WHITE element.

* What should be the termination condition?
	* Since `[white, blue]` contains all objects yet to be partitioned
	* You need to allow `white` to equal `blue` and 
		* terminate when `white > blue`.
		* You should be able to appreciate now why we need `end` side open in the `mid` partition: `[start, end)`.
```py
class Solution:
    def sortColors(self, nums: List[int]) -> None:
        """
        Do not return anything, modify nums in-place instead.
        """
        RED, WHITE, BLUE = 0, 1, 2
        red, white, blue = 0, 0, len(nums) - 1
        
        while white <= blue:            
            if nums[white] == RED:
                nums[red], nums[white] = nums[white], nums[red]
                red += 1
                white += 1
            elif nums[white] == BLUE:
                nums[blue], nums[white] = nums[white], nums[blue]
                blue -= 1
            else:
                white += 1
```
